README.md, before:

<<<<<<< HEAD
# Basic Calculator Program

## Description
This is a simple Python program that prompts the user to input two numbers and a mathematical operation (+, -, *, /). It performs the operation and displays the result, with error handling for invalid inputs (non-numeric values) and division by zero.
Example:
- Input: `10`, `5`, `+`
- Output: `10 + 5 = 15`

## How to Run/Setup the Project
1. **Prerequisites**:
   - Python 3.x (download from [python.org](https://www.python.org/downloads/)).
   - A terminal or IDE (e.g., Command Prompt, VS Code, PyCharm).
   - Git (for cloning the repository).

2. **Steps**:
   - Clone this repository:
     ```bash
     git clone https://github.com/Darrystic/Calculator.git
     cd Calculator
     ```
   - Run the program:
     ```bash
     python calculator.py
     ```
   - Follow prompts to enter two numbers and an operation.

3. **Notes**:
   - Ensure Python is added to your system PATH during installation.
   - The program handles invalid inputs (e.g., non-numeric values, invalid operations) and division by zero.

## Files
- `calculator.py`: Python script for the calculator program.
- `README.md`: This file.

## License
This project is for educational purposes and can be used freely. No warranty is provided.
=======
# Calculator
Basic Python calculator program
>>>>>>> 7e8f2cabe7d69100bd8aded9d1adce27317b82ff

Commit message:

Initial commit: List Operations Program

README.md, after:

# List Operations Program

## Description
This is a Python program that performs the following operations on a list:
- Creates an empty list called `my_list`.
- Appends the elements `10`, `20`, `30`, `40`.
- Inserts `15` at the second position (index 1).
- Extends `my_list` with another list `[50, 60, 70]`.
- Removes the last element from `my_list`.
- Sorts `my_list` in ascending order.
- Finds and prints the index of the value `30`.

**Example Output**:
After appending 10, 20, 30, 40: [10, 20, 30, 40]
After inserting 15 at second position: [10, 15, 20, 30, 40]
After extending with [50, 60, 70]: [10, 15, 20, 30, 40, 50, 60, 70]
After removing the last element: [10, 15, 20, 30, 40, 50, 60]
After sorting in ascending order: [10, 15, 20, 30, 40, 50, 60]
Index of 30: 3


## How to Run/Setup the Project
1. **Prerequisites**:
   - Python 3.x (download from [python.org](https://www.python.org/downloads/)).
   - A terminal or IDE (e.g., Command Prompt, VS Code, PyCharm).
   - Git (for cloning the repository).

2. **Steps**:
   - Clone this repository:
     ```bash
     git clone https://github.com/Darrystic/ListOperations.git
     cd ListOperations
     ```
   - Run the program:
     ```bash
     python list_operations.py
     ```
   - Observe the output in the terminal.

3. **Notes**:
   - Ensure Python is added to your system PATH during installation.
   - The program includes print statements to show the list after each operation.

## Files
- `list_operations.py`: Python script for the list operations program.
- `README.md`: This file.

## License
This project is for educational purposes and can be used freely. No warranty is provided.
